# Mastery Task 1 - Pulling Down the Project

## Project Setup
We will download the project and run a test to make sure everything is working (note: at first, it won't all work). 

We'll download the project using your terminal, git, and GitHub. Let's get started!

### Download the project
Open your terminal and create a folder to store your project (we'll reference `~/BackendDevelopment/Unit1` as the place the project will be stored, but you can put it anywhere you'd like). 

If you haven't already, fork [the original project](https://github.com/LambdaSchool/edb_u1_student_project). This will give you your own working copy of the project (otherwise, we'd all be writing to the same project and make a big mess of things).

Once the project is forked, you can clone (i.e. download) the project to your machine, and we'll use git to do it. Click on the green Code button and copy the HTTPS url (you may need to click "HTTPS" to get the right link).

With the link in hand, go back to your terminal (make sure you're in your project folder) and type the following command:

`git clone <your url here>`

That should clone down the project into your folder.

### Password Issues

If you are prompted to log in with your github username and password, but it doesn't work with your username/password combination, that is because the password needs to be a generated token from GitHub. Not a problem! The steps to create a token are very simple.

Go to [your tokens page](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and click on "Generate new token" ("token" is synonomous with password in this case).

**Make sure to check the box for "repo" scope.** This will allow you to push and pull from your codebase. Give your token a name and you're done! Scroll to the bottom and click "Generate token". 

Once it's created, the token will appear on your screen. **Copy it** since it won't be available again. Use that token as your password when you clone the repository.

### Running Tests
A very good practice is to make sure the tests are running properly and that everything is in order. You can do this from the terminal by running the following:

`./gradlew test --tests com.adventure.sprint1.S1M2Test`

Drat! Something didn't work. This happens more than you think, but that's why we have tests. Read the error and look for a message that says "There were failing tests. See the report at: <path to test report>". Copy that path into your browser's address bar and hit return. It will open up a file that's been generated on your computer.

You should now see a failed test report. Click on the one test to get the failure's details. The top line (starting with "org.opentest4j.AssertionFailedError") will give you the name of a file that you need to look up and how to make the fix. Now go and make the fix! 

Once the file is found and a fix is applied, run the command:

`./gradlew test --tests com.adventure.sprint1.S1M2Test` 

again and see if it succeeds. If the test runs successfully, [setup your code submission in Canvas](https://lambdaschool.instructure.com/courses/1356/assignments/47306?module_item_id=607904). Then push up your code, and ensure that you get full credit. If you don't get full credit, check what failed, make the change, and push again.

